Wording to enable clients to request Idempotency (#27)
ietf-wg-httpapi/idempotency: draft-ietf-httpapi-idempotency-key-header.md

Clients of HTTP API requiring idempotency, SHOULD understand the idempotency related requirements as published by the server and use appropriate algorithm to generate idempotency keys.

> Clients MAY choose to send an Idempotency-Key field with any valid random sf-string to indicate the user's intent is to only perform this action once. Without a priori knowledge, a general client cannot assume the server will respect this request.

Reviewer: Thanks @darrelmiller. We have not introduced these two terms : "user" and "general client".

Author: That's a good call out. I'll see if I can change these words to align with terms that you have already used.

Author: ```suggestion
Clients MAY choose to send an Idempotency-Key field with any valid random sf-string to indicate the intent is to only perform this action once. Without a priori knowledge, any given client cannot assume the server will respect this request.
```
@sdatgit  How is that?
